.\" W3af man page. 
.\" Contact woodspeed@gmail.com to correct errors or omissions in this manpage.
.TH "w3af" "1" "01 September 2008" "w3af" "w3af console user interface manpage"
.SH NAME
w3af_console \- Web Application Attack and Audit Framework with console interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B w3af_console
[\fB-h\fR] [\fB-s \fI<script-file>\fB\fR] [\fB-p \fI<profile-file>\fB\fR] [\fB-i \fI<metasploit-path>\fB\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
w3af is a Web Application Attack and Audit Framework. The project goal is to create a framework to find and exploit web application vulnerabilities that is easy to use and
extend. This is the console user interface manpage.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Print help message.
.TP
.B \fB-s \fI<script-file>\fB\fR
Execute a script file. Example: "w3af_console -s script/web_spider.w3af".
.TP
.B \fB-p \fI<profile-file>\fB\fR
Run with the selected profile. Example: "w3af_console -p profiles/OWASP_TOP10.pw3af".
.TP
.B \fB-i \fI<metasploit-path>\fB\fR
Directory where MSF is installed (only used to install the virtual daemon)
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR w3af (1),
.BR w3af_gui (1)
.SH "User Guide"
To learn more about w3af please read the w3af users guide, which is
available with your installation (readme/w3afUsersGuide.pdf) and also online
at http://w3af.sourceforge.net/documentation/user/w3afUsersGuide.pdf .
.SH BUGS
The framework is still under development and has reported bugs. To read a
complete list of them, or to submit a bug, please point your browser to
https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=170274&atid=853652 .

